Hey Safeway shoppers! Welcome to another weekly ad Week!
Quite a few all time lows this week.
Let's get into it. First up right here,
99 cents. All time lows for all the items listed here.
And yes, for all of them.
They're going to be cheaper than Costco.
These six will only cost you $6 at Safeway.
Same goes for the cucumbers at nearly half the price.
All time low right here on goldfish.
You just want the original cheddar.
It is still a better price at Costco,
but if you want anything else besides that,
now's a great time to buy a Safeway.
I personally love the crisps,
I love the pretzels, and I love the fun flavor blasted ones,
which they don't have a Costco.
Can't forget the one that tastes like chick fil A.
My personal favorite is this one right here.
Also an all time low here on the lays.
The last lowest price we saw was 2:49.
This time it's 1 99. It applies all the varieties of lays.
We're talking at the normal,
the popables, the wavy.
Look at this flavor. They've also got the Cheetos.
Someone let me know if this one's good.
Fried pickles with ranch. Can't forget we now have the Canadian flavors.
Kettle cooked is also a part of the deal.
Couple on par with Costco pricing about strawberries right here.
You only need to buy a pound.
Another all time low right here on Kellogg's large cereal.
Now We'll say Costco is still cheaper for the Special K
and the Frosted Flakes,
but if you're interested in anything else besides that,
now's a great time to stock up as these are down from 8:49 to 2:99.
Similar sense of well with the Faye.
Right here. Costco
still cheaper, but the deal does get us quite close to Costco pricing,
especially if you want the ones that they don't sell at Costco.
Personally wouldn't necessarily prioritize Friday,
but if you do find yourself there,
these are the two on par with Costco ones.
Out of the lookout for the avocados and the grapes strawberries.
To right here as always.
You can sign up right here to get these right to your inbox.
Also recently added this little guy called Aisle Check
so you can see for yourself if something is a good deal.
I'll see you next week!